Documentation updates (#31)
IntelLabs/hec-p-isa-tools: kerngen/README.md

key_rns(optional))` of the input script.
`CONTEXT` sets a global context for properties required by the kernels.
- first field defines what we call scheme. In reality, it specifies the set of
kernel instructions given in the manifest file, see
[manifest.json](./pisa_generators/manifest.json).
- second field defines the native polynomial size that a given HW implementation
supports (8192 in HERACLES silicon case). This is required by the generating

> kernels to define how many units ( multiples of the native polynomial size) are
> required and handled.
> - third field defines the max RNS, the global max number of how many
> (32 bit in HERACLES silicon case)moduli that the kernels can have or need to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kernels to define how many units (multiples of the native polynomial size) are
required and handled.
- third field defines the max RNS, the global max number of how many
(32 bit in HERACLES silicon case) moduli that the kernels can have or need to
```

> - third field defines the max RNS, the global max number of how many
> (32 bit in HERACLES silicon case) moduli that the kernels can have or need to
> handle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- third field defines the max RNS, the global max number of how many 32 bit prime number moduli
(HERACLES silicon case) that the kernels can have or need to
handle, essentially the modulus chain that HE schemes make use of.
```
